## Coding Club

The Coding Club Website is a landing page offering coding courses for kids between the ages of 8-18. The website is intended for both parents and children to get information about Coding Club and the ability to sign up for online courses. 

Information such as the location for the company, reasons why to join Coding Club, the ability to sign up for the online courses, pricing and a contact form is available and easily navigated to, making the website targeted to both parents and their children.

## Features

- Navigation 

On the top left of the page, there is a Coding Club logo that is a link to the homepage.

To the right of the logo there are four navigation links: Why Coding Club?, Sign up, Contact us and Find us. These links are for the user of the website to easily find the information they are looking for. The navigation links changes color when the user hovers over each link making it clear to the user that they are clickable.

- The "Reasons to choose us" Section

The Reasons to choose us section is the first section the user sees when scrolling down on the website, this is to show the user what Coding Club has to offer and provides the user with information about the member community and course material. 

- The Sign Up Section 

This Section provides the user with pricing information and the ability to sign up for the course. The user is presented with a form where they can provide details such as: Parent's/Guardian's name, Child's name, Contact Email. The user can also choose a preferred starting date to join Coding Club. The section includes a submit button colored green in order to make it stick out from the rest of the website as a clear call to action for the user. The background of this section is in black color in order to reduce cognitive overload while structuring the different sections for the user. 

- The Contact Us Section 

The Contact Us Section provides the user with a textarea where they can ask questions directly to Coding Club and get a response through email.
This section is very valuable to both the user and coding club because many potential Coding Club members may have questions about the course material or the company in general before joining the course. This provides the users to get in contact with Coding Club before making a decision while also giving the Coding Club staff a chance to secure potential members.

- The Find Us Here Section

This Section provides the user with an iframes map overviewing the location of the company, the map is generated by Google Map HTML Generator making it interactable and updated with nearby restuarants and other locations which might be factors that the users takes into consideration when making a decision about joining the course.

- The Footer

The Footer contains a text encouraging the user to check out Coding Club on social media, followed by three clickable icons of the logos for Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. These are links providing the user with options to get directly to the Coding Club Account on the respective Social Media Platforms.

## Testing

I have tested that this website works approprietly in the following browsers: Chrome, Firefox and Safari. 

I confirmed that this website looks good and functions on all standars screen sizes using the devtools device toolbar.

I have confirmed that the navigation bar and all sections are easy to understand and readable. 

I have made sure that all forms have appropriate values for posting data. 

I have tested that all links opens in a new tab.

I have made sure that all forms have required tags for all inputs where answer needs to be provided.

I have made sure that all links works.

I have made sure that the website is responsive to all devices, using media queries to change structure of navigation bar to adapt to mobile devices.

## Validator Testing

No errors were returned when passing the HTML code through the official W3C validator

No errors were found when passing through the CSS code through the official (Jigsaw) validator

Use Lighthouse to Include accessibility score

## Unfixed Bugs

There are no unfixed bugs.

## Deployment 

The website is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch. New commits to the master branch will automatically update the deployed site. 
The steps to deploy are as follows: 
- In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab.
- Select the Master Branch from the source section drop down menu.
- Once the Master Branch has been selected, the page provided the link to the completed website.

Here is the live link for the website - https://8000-karlpreisler-codingclub-3cxjcnvf2hi.ws-eu71.gitpod.io/

## Credits

- The code to make the map from google was generated by: https://google-map-generator.com/.
- The code to generate social media icons was taken from: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_social_media_buttons.asp
- The CSS code for two "submit" buttons was taken from The Coders Coffeehouse project.
- Inspiration for structure of website taken by: Coders Coffeehouse Project, Love Running Project, Coding Club Sample Project.

## Media 

The Image in the header was taken from www.pexels.com
